Top Stories
Coronavirus: The 5G conspiracy theory just won't go away - here's why it's nonsense


As a scientifically impossible conspiracy theory linking the deployment of 5G radio antennas to the coronavirus pandemic refuses to go away, Sky News explains why it is nonsense. According to the conspiracy theories the symptoms of COVID-19 are caused by electromagnetic radiation and not by a virus. These claims have now been tied to dozens of attacks on telecommunications engineers and masts in the UK, even as information debunking such claims is widespread. The conspiracy theorists say the coronavirus pandemic is an illness caused by exposure to radio emissions from the new 5G antennas - despite these antennas not being present in countries such as Iran, which has seen a deadly outbreak. The theory has even been mentioned by This Morning presenter Eamonn Holmes, whose comments on 5G were described as "ill-judged" by TV regulator Ofcom.

As a scientifically impossible conspiracy theory linking the deployment of 5G radio antennas to the coronavirus pandemic refuses to go away, Sky News explains why it is nonsense. According to the conspiracy theories the symptoms of COVID-19 are caused by electromagnetic radiation and not by a virus. These claims have now been tied to dozens of attacks on telecommunications engineers and masts in the UK, even as information debunking such claims is widespread. The conspiracy theorists say the coronavirus pandemic is an illness caused by exposure to radio emissions from the new 5G antennas - despite these antennas not being present in countries such as Iran, which has seen a deadly outbreak. The theory has even been mentioned by This Morning presenter Eamonn Holmes, whose comments on 5G were described as "ill-judged" by TV regulator Ofcom





Coronavirus: One of three RAF planes collecting PPE from Turkey takes off from UK

A military transport jet has left the UK for Turkey to pick up a delayed cargo of urgently needed personal protective shipment, Sky News understands. The Atlas plane flew out of an airbase in Oxfordshire and another two Royal Air Force planes are set to follow over the next 24 hours. With an estimated round trip of 12 hours, the earliest the first planeload of COVID-19 supplies will arrive back at RAF Brize Norton is early on Tuesday morning. That is two days after housing secretary Robert Jenrick announced that the "significant" shipment would arrive.

A military transport jet has left the UK for Turkey to pick up a delayed cargo of urgently needed personal protective shipment, Sky News understands. The Atlas plane flew out of an airbase in Oxfordshire and another two Royal Air Force planes are set to follow over the next 24 hours. With an estimated round trip of 12 hours, the earliest the first planeload of COVID-19 supplies will arrive back at RAF Brize Norton is early on Tuesday morning. That is two days after housing secretary Robert Jenrick announced that the "significant" shipment would arrive.
